whom 69% (1048) were women, to understand the relationship between chronic TMD and GERD and to determine if anxiety, somatization and depression influence the association. They found symptomatic GERD was a risk factor for TMD, and people with a longer history of GERD had a higher risk of TMD than those with a shorter history. # " The interactions between chronic musculoskeletal diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, mental disorders and sleep problems are complicated, " writes Dr. Jihua Chen, The Dental College of Georgia, Augusta, Georgia, and The Fourth Military Medical University, Xi'an, China, with coauthors. " There is evidence to support the bidirectional nature of the associations among these comorbidities, and patients may be stuck in a cycle in which undermined sleep, somatization and anxiety exacerbate the pain, with the pain also leading to sleep problems and mental disorders. " # The authors suggest physicians need to be aware of the association and consider multidisciplinary management programs to help patients with TMD and chronic pain. # " Physicians and patients may overlook the association between chronic musculoskeletal disease and 
# Haikou # 1 # 0.027 # Hebei # Shijiazhuang # 1 # 0.027 # Heilongjiang # Harbin # 1 # 0.027 # Henan # Zhengzhou # 1 # 0.054 # Hubei # Wuhan # 1 # 0.027 # Hunan # Changsha # 1 # 0.027 # Jiangsu # Nanjing # 3 # 0.081 # Jiangxi # Nanchang # 1 # 0.027 # Jilin # Changchun # 1 # 0.027 # Liaoning # Shenyang # 2 # 0.054 # Qinghai # Xining # 0 # 0.000 # Shanxi # Taiyuan # 0 # 0.000 # Shandong # Jinan # 2 # 0.054 # Shaanxi # Xi'an # 1 # 0.027 # Sichuan # Chengdu # 1 # 0.027 # Yunnan # Kunming # 1 # 0.027 # Zhejiang # Hangzhou # 3 # 0.081 # Beijing # Beijing # 1 # 0.027 # Shanghai # Shanghai # 1 # 0.027 # Tianjin # Tianjin # 1 # 0.027 # Chongqing # Chongqing # 1 # 0.027 # Inner Mongolia # Hohhot # 1 # 0.027 # Guangxi # Nanning # 1 # 0.027 # Tibet # Lhasa # 0 # 0.000 # Ningxia # Yinchuan # 0 # 0.000 # Xinjiang
Altun B, Barutcu A, Gazi E, Gunec F, Yilmaz M: Relationship between red cell distribution width and long-term mortality in patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome. Anatol J Cardiol 2015; 15:634-639. # Hong Zhang (a) Shuang Shi (b) Xiu-Juan Zhao (c) Jun-Kui Wang (b) Zhong-Wei Liu (b) Fu-Qiang Liu (b) Ling Zhu (b) Shun-Ming Zhu (b) Yong Zhang (b) Shuo Pan (b) # (a) Department of Neurology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province, Xi'an, (b) First Department of Cardiology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province, Xi'an, (c) Department of Ultrasonic Center, Northwest Women and Children's Hospital, Xi'an, China # Yong Zhang M.D, Ph.D. and Shuo Pan M.D, Ph.D. # First Department of Cardiology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province # Shaanxi, Xi'an710068 (China) # Tel. +86 29 85251331, E-Mail parker1985sina.com Table 1. Baseline characteristics of heart failure patients with and without renal dysfunction. Note:
red cell distribution width and long-term mortality in patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome. Anatol J Cardiol 2015; 15:634-639. # Hong Zhang (a) Shuang Shi (b) Xiu-Juan Zhao (c) Jun-Kui Wang (b) Zhong-Wei Liu (b) Fu-Qiang Liu (b) Ling Zhu (b) Shun-Ming Zhu (b) Yong Zhang (b) Shuo Pan (b) # (a) Department of Neurology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province, Xi'an, (b) First Department of Cardiology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province, Xi'an, (c) Department of Ultrasonic Center, Northwest Women and Children's Hospital, Xi'an, China # Yong Zhang M.D, Ph.D. and Shuo Pan M.D, Ph.D. # First Department of Cardiology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province # Shaanxi, Xi'an 710068 (China) # Tel. +86 29 85251331, E-Mail parker1985sina.com Table 1. Baseline characteristics of heart failure patients with and without renal dysfunction. Note: NYHA, New York HeartAssociation; BMI, Body Mass Index; RBC, Red Blood Cells
J Cardiol 2015; 15:634-639. # Hong Zhang (a) Shuang Shi (b) Xiu-Juan Zhao (c) Jun-Kui Wang (b) Zhong-Wei Liu (b) Fu-Qiang Liu (b) Ling Zhu (b) Shun-Ming Zhu (b) Yong Zhang (b) Shuo Pan (b) # (a) Department of Neurology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province, Xi'an, (b) First Department of Cardiology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province, Xi'an, (c) Department of Ultrasonic Center, Northwest Women and Children's Hospital, Xi'an, China # Yong Zhang M.D, Ph.D. and Shuo Pan M.D, Ph.D. # First Department of Cardiology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province # Shaanxi, Xi'an710068 (China) # Tel. +86 29 85251331, E-Mail parker1985sina.com Table 1. Baseline characteristics of heart failure patients with and without renal dysfunction. Note: NYHA, New York HeartAssociation; BMI, Body Mass Index; RBC, Red Blood Cells; MPV, Mean Platelet Volume; PDW, Platelet Distribution Width; WBC, White Blood
Liu (b) Ling Zhu (b) Shun-Ming Zhu (b) Yong Zhang (b) Shuo Pan (b) # (a) Department of Neurology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province, Xi'an, (b) First Department of Cardiology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province, Xi'an, (c) Department of Ultrasonic Center, Northwest Women and Children's Hospital, Xi'an, China # Yong Zhang M.D, Ph.D. and Shuo Pan M.D, Ph.D. # First Department of Cardiology, People's Hospital of Shaanxi Province # Shaanxi, Xi'an 710068 (China) # Tel. +86 29 85251331, E-Mail parker1985sina.com Table 1. Baseline characteristics of heart failure patients with and without renal dysfunction. Note: NYHA, New York HeartAssociation; BMI, Body Mass Index; RBC, Red Blood Cells; MPV, Mean Platelet Volume; PDW, Platelet Distribution Width; WBC, White Blood Cells; NEUT%, neutrophilic granulocyte percentage; TC, Total Cholesterol; HDL-C, High-Density Lipoprotein-Cholesterol; LDL-C, Low-Density Lipoprotein-Cholesterol; apoA1, apolipoprotein A1; apoB, apolipoprotein B
a steam turbine. Journal of Engineering for Gas Turbines and Power, vol. 136, no. 12, p. 122605, DOI:10.1115/1.4027832. # Jun Zhang (1) -- Peiyong Ma (1) -- Shuyi Gan (1) -- Xianguo Hu (1, *) -- Shunsen Wang (2) # (*) Corr. Author's Address: Hefei University of Technology, School of Mechanical Engineering, Tunxi Road 193#, Hefei, Anhui, China, xghuhfut.edu.cn # (1) Hefei University of Technology, School of Mechanical Engineering, China # (2) Xi'an Jiaotong University, Institute of Turbomachinery, China # Highlights # * Gas cavitation in oil jet pumps was measured and analysed with experiment and CFD methods. # * A novel approach for the identification of gas cavitation in oil jet pumps was provided. # * Gas cavitation in oil jet pumps emerges at sigma = 1.68 and fades at sigma = 1.31 with dissolved air content f.sub.g = 110 ppm in lubrication oil. # Received for review: 2018-07-18 # Received revised form: 2018-12-17 # Accepted for publication: 2019-01-14
analysis 48 h after transfection. # Total RNA extraction and real-time PCR # Total RNA was extracted from cultured hepatocytes using Trizol reagent (TaKaRa, Dalian, China) according to the protocol issued by the manufacturer. For mRNA expression analysis, first-strand cDNA was synthesized using a reverse transcription kit (TaKaRa, Dalian, China) and GAPDH was used as an endogenous control gene. Real-time PCR primers (S1 Table) for amplification of mRNA were designed by NCBI (National Center for Biotechnology Information, USA) and synthesized by TSINGKE Biological technology (TSINGKE Biological technology, Xi'an, China). Quantitative real-time PCR was performed using SYBR Premix EX Taq II (Takara) in 7500 Real-Time PCR system (Applied Biosystems Inc., Foster City, CA). The relative expression levels of mRNAs were obtained via the 2-DELTADELTACt method 26. # TAG content assay # The intracellular TAG content was detected using tissue triglyceride assay kit (Applygen Technologies, Beijing, China). A BCA assay kit was used to determine the hepatocyte protein content (Sangon Biotech). Perform all experiments base on the
LXRbeta by GW exerted analgesic effects through both anti-inflammation and correction in synaptic transmission in ACC. Chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) analysis showed that histone deacetylase 5 (HDAC5) triggered histone deacetylation on the promoter region of Lxrbeta, resulting in the reduction of Lxrbeta transcription in cultured cortical neurons. Taken together, these findings highlight an epigenetic mechanism underlying LXRbeta deficits linked to CIP, revealing potentially targetable receptor for clinical intervention in CIP. # Materials and methods # Animals # Adult male C57BL/6 mice aged 6-8 weeks were purchased from the Fourth Military Medical University Experimental Animal Center (Xi'an, China). Animals were housed in groups of five under standard laboratory conditions (24 + or - 2 degreesC, 12-h light/dark cycle, food and water ad libitum). All behavioral tests were performed during the light period on the designated day of experiment. All experimental procedures were approved by the Fourth Military Medical University Animal Care and Use Committee. Every effort was made to minimize the number of animals used and their suffering. # Experimental designs and GW3965 treatment # The model of CIP was established
the L-curve method. # In addition to the experiments above, which were designed to compare the performance of SC and DLS, another two preliminary simulation experiments were conducted to explore the possibility of multi-tissue imaging and the influence of spectral errors. The specific implementation plans were presented in the results section. # Acknowledgements: Not applicable. # Correspondence: Feng Fu: fengfufmmu.edu.cn, Bin Yang: binyangfmmu.edu.cn # Author details: Aff1 0000 0004 1761 4404, grid.233520.5, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Air Force Medical University (Fourth Military Medical University),, 710032, Xi'an, People's Republic of China. # References # 1. Adler A, Boyle A. IEEE Trans Biomed Eng. 2017; 64(11):2494. -2504. # 2. Lionheart WRB. Physiol Meas. 2004; 25(1):125. -142. # 3. Cheney M, Isaacson D, Newell JC, Simske S, Goble J. Int J Imaging Syst Technol. 1990; 2(2):66. -75. # 4. Yorkey TJ, Webster JG, Tompkins WJ. IEEE Trans Biomed Eng. 1987; 34(11):843. -852. # 5. Adler A, Arnold JH, Bayford
1), Qian-lu Fan (1), Hui Du (2), Gang Liu (3), Guang-hua Wang (1), Zi-tian Fan (1), and (*) Xin-wang Liu (1) # (1.) State Key Laboratory of Materials Processing and Die and Mould Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; # (2.) Department of Mechanical Engineering, Wuhan University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430081, China; # (3.) School of Materials Science and Engineering, Xi'an University of technology, Xi'an 710048, China # (*) Xin-wang Liu # Male, born in 1982, associate professor. Research interests: microstructural optimization, strengthening and casting process control of multicomponent alloys. # E-mail: liuxwhust.edu.cn # Received: 2018-03-16; Accepted: 2018-06-26 # https: **35;27;TOOLONG Table 1: Nominal composition of designed CrCoNiAlx alloys and composition analysis of different regions in as-cast CrCoNiAlx alloys by EDS ((a) G: Grain, DR: dendrite, ID: interdendrite; B: bright phase
(1), Hui Du (2), Gang Liu (3), Guang-hua Wang (1), Zi-tian Fan (1), and (*) Xin-wang Liu (1) # (1.) State Key Laboratory of Materials Processing and Die and Mould Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; # (2.) Department of Mechanical Engineering, Wuhan University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430081, China; # (3.) School of Materials Science and Engineering, Xi'an University of technology, Xi'an 710048, China # (*) Xin-wang Liu # Male, born in 1982, associate professor. Research interests: microstructural optimization, strengthening and casting process control of multicomponent alloys. # E-mail: liuxwhust.edu.cn # Received: 2018-03-16; Accepted: 2018-06-26 # https: **35;27;TOOLONG Table 1: Nominal composition of designed CrCoNiAlx alloys and composition analysis of different regions in as-cast CrCoNiAlx alloys by EDS ((a) G: Grain, DR: dendrite, ID: interdendrite; B: bright phase, D: dark phase
cross-linked network based on bismaleimide resin with cardo-polyetherketone (PEK-C) and **26;30;TOOLONG hyperbranched polysiloxanes (HSi). The effects of compositions on the structure and overall properties were systematically investigated, and the mechanism was explored. # Experimental # Materials # Zinc chloride, maleic anhydride, tetraethylammonium hydroxide aqueous solution (greater than or equal to 20%) and 3-aminopropyl triethoxysilane (KH550) were commercial products with analytical grades and purchased from Sinopharm Chemical Reagent Co., China. **31;58;TOOLONG (BDM) and o, o' -diallylbisphenol A (DBA) were obtained from Northwestern Chemical Institute (Xi'an, China) and Laiyu Chemical Factory (Shandong, China), respectively. Anhydrous ethanol (greater than or equal to 99.8%) was purchased from Sinopharm Chemical Reagent Co., China. Methylbenzene (greater than or equal to 99.5%) with analysis grade was got from Chinasun Specialty Products Co., Ltd (China). 1, 1, 1, 3, 3, 3-Hexamethyldisilazane was bought from Energy Chemical Co., Ltd (China). PEK-C was supplied by Xuzhou Engineering Plastics Co., 
L. Vandenberghe, Convex optimization. Cambridge, U.K.: Cambridge Univ. Press, 2004. Article (CrossRef Link) # Jun Zhan received the B.E. degree in electronic and information engineering from Three Gorges University, China, in 2011. He is currently pursuing the Ph.D. degree at the School of Information Science and Technology in Southwest Jiaotong University, Chengdu, China. His current research interests include the design of relaying protocol for buffer-aided cooperative networks and energy harvesting wireless communication. # Xiaohu Tang received the B.S. degree in applied mathematics from Northwest Polytechnic University, Xi'an, China, in 1992, the M.S. degree in applied mathematics from Sichuan University, Chengdu, China, in 1995, and the Ph.D. degree in electronic engineering from Southwest Jiaotong University, Chengdu, in 2001. From 2003 to 2004, he was a Research Associate with the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. From 2007 to 2008, he was a Visiting Professor with the University of Ulm, Germany. Since 2001, he has been with the
to be dominated and stuff. Yeah. You guys have always sucked at this. Whatever. Your go-to used to be fart out of your mouth or sweat piss? Still a valid question. You lack imagination. Can't believe school's in your hands now. It's all downhill. Every year says that. And this bitch will be president and these things will be extra special. All right. Come on. I'm tired as balls. Let's get out of here. Thomas, I told mom we'd be home soon. Xi'an dinner tomorrow night? Oh, definitely. Okay. We got to hit all the usual spots before you go. Okay. Bye, Thomas. See you at home. Don't be too long. Mom's gon na be pissed. Love you. Love you, girls. Today we mark a moment we will never understand, that life stops. A son, a brother, a friend was taken from us. I've tried to take comfort in the fact that we are now the
Louis, MO. Her research interests include composites and multi-hazard resilient structures, including bridges. # ACI member Mahadi Masud received his MS from the University of Georgia and is a PhD Student at the University of Houston, Houston, TX. His research interests include engineered composites and impact hazard resilient structures. # ACI member Amin Yaghoobi is a PhD Student at the University of Georgia. His research interests include meshless modeling of fiber-reinforced concrete structures. # Hua Jiang is an Assistant Professor at the Key Laboratory for Bridge and Tunnel of Shaanxi Province, Chang'an University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. His research interests include impact analysis of concrete and composite structures. # ACKNOWLEDGMENTS # The authors wish to express their gratitude and sincere appreciation to the University of Georgia Research Foundation and College of Engineering. Special thanks to Forta, Bekaert, Argos, Grace, and BASF for generous material donations. The findings do not reflect the views of the funding institutions. 4170410 # ABSTRACT authors wish to express their gratitude and sincere appreciation to the University of Georgia Research Foundation and College of Engineering. Special thanks to Forta, Bekaert, Argos, Grace, and BASF for generous material donations. The findings do not 
a safer zone for travel and trade, but also mediating political interaction among these three countries. This paper examines Chang Pogo in history and memory. The reputation of Chang and the implication of Chang's activities have been transformed drastically in the twentieth century along with nationalist reinterpretations of Korean history, especially in Korean popular culture. # (ProQuest:... denotes non-US-ASCII text omitted.) # Introduction # The Silk Road is a transcontinental trading route that connected Central Asia (later extended to Europe and North Africa) and China. Its easternmost point, Chang'an feile (Xi'an today), is considered the starting point of the Silk Road. Therefore, it is not unusual to overlook the role of Korea in this fifteen-hundred-year-old transcontinental trade and cultural network. However, Korea was an important segment of the Silk Road trade, especially in the ninth century, thanks to the Silla general Chang Pogo íjUt?I (Ch. Zhang Baogao).1 At the peak of his activity, Chang was crucial in connecting China, Japan, and Korea, not only creating a safer maritime route for
two became friends. On the long ride across the ocean, she told Anna our story. Anna and Qiqi arrived in Hong Kong, but as most of eastern China had fallen to Japanese occupation, they had to get on another boat to Guangxi, from whence they passed through Guizhou and Sichuan, and then contin ued north through Shaanxi to arrive finally in Yan'an. " But Zhao Qi was no longer a young woman, " Anna said, " and with her handicap, the journey was very tough on her. By the time she arrived in Xi'an, she fell ill, and yet she forced herself to go on so that she wouldn't slow us down. In Luochuan, her condition deteriorated.... Because of the war, we couldn't get the medicine she needed.... We tried everything, but we couldn't save her. " Anna stopped, unable to continue. " Don't blame yourself. You did your best. " I tried to console her. Anna looked at me strangely, as if unable to comprehend my calm ness.
one of only two on the wanted list who have been allowed to return home, and he does not know why. (The other is Li Lu, now a hedge fund manager, who advises Warren Buffett, and who accompanied the investment wizard on a brief 2010 trip to China.) Mr. Zhou says he was twice given a tourist visa, in 2007 and 2010, when he presented his US passport, bearing his English given name, to the Chinese consulate in Washington. During his second visit the police tracked him down in his hometown in Xi'an, and " seemed surprised to see me, " Zhou remembers. But the officers told him then that if he steered clear of politics during his trips to China he would be allowed to come. " I told them that the only reason I would come back to China would have to do with Tiananmen, " says Zhou, who founded " Humanitarian China " which supports political prisoners. So last year, just before the 25
When mixing ingredients on the fly from the condiment bar, some misses aren't that far off. Still, I like the place. With students drinking blue cocktails or beer and hanging out for longer than the average turn and burn restaurant, there's a liveliness, with diners joining other tables to ask about orders and sample each others' creations. Among other local restaurants catering to Asian college students, in particular, are: * In Squirrel Hill, Sakura Teppanyaki & Sushi (5882 Forbes Ave.; 412-422-7188) owner Ping Geng has recruited chefs from Xi'an in northwest China. They arrived a few weeks ago and will offer foods from that region, namely, hot-oil noodles, spicy cabbage and a street food that's like an omelet that serves as a sandwich stuffed with meats. The menu will change often, Ms. Geng said. * Everyday Noodles in Squirrel Hill (5875 Forbes Ave.; 412-421-6668) has been working with the Taiwanese government to rotate cooks from the region since the restaurant opened in 2013. Owner Mike Chen and his son Allen are planning
today if you were able to tell Russia:' Keep your gas.' It would be a very different world. " # This story was supported by the Fund for Investigative Journalism. # 6920 China's coal addiction threatens the planet. But can it handle a natural gas revolution? # On a hazy morning last September, 144 American and Chinese government Officials and high-ranking oil executives filed into a vaulted meeting room in a cloistered campus in south Xi'an, a city famous for its terra-cotta warriors and lethal smog. The Communist Party built this compound, called the Shaanxi Guesthouse, in 1958. It was part of the lead-up to Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward, in which, to surpass the industrial achievements of the West, the government built steelworks, coal mines, power stations, and cement factories-displacing hundreds of thousands and clearcutting a tenth of China's forests in the process. Despite its quaint name, the guesthouse is a cluster of immense concrete
practically nonexistent. Tian Qinghua, an environmental researcher at the Sichuan Academy of Environmental Sciences, fears that fracking operations in China will repeat a pattern he's seen before. " There's a phenomenon of' pollute first, clean up later,' " he says. " History is repeating itself. " # When my colleague James West and I traveled to China last September, it didn't take long to see the toll of the country's coal addiction: James had a burning cough by our second day. On a bullet train from Beijing to Xi'an (roughly the distance between San Francisco and Phoenix), we whizzed along at 150 miles per hour through some of China's most polluted pockets, including the northeastern city of Shijiazhuang, where the smog registers at emergency levels for a third of the year- twice as often as in Beijing. A thick miasma hung heavy, clinging so low to fields of corn that it was hard to see where the earth met the dark, gray sky. Every few minutes we passed another giant coal-fired power plant,
, wastewater injection could trigger-might compromise a well's anti-leak system, causing more pollution. In the past year alone, more than 30 earthquakes were recorded in the Sichuan area. # In 2012, Tian and his team from the Sichuan Academy of Environmental Sciences proposed environmental standards for fracking in the province. Lacking financial and political support from the government, the proposal languished in the bureaucratic process and never became law-and although Beijing officials are rumored to be working on national standards, it's unclear when they will release them. # Back at the guesthouse compound in Xi'an one evening, after the conference had adjourned for the day, we sat for a lavish banquet of salty braised greens, fried eggplant, steamed fish, and roasted pork. A thin film of soot clung to the marble floors, tablecloths, and curtains. # I shared a table with Ming Sung, a lean, wispy-haired man in his late 60s who serves as the Asia-Pacific chief representative for Clean Air Task Force, a Boston-based partnership between environmental advocates and the private sector that's focused on reducing
ended with the Dockers getting trounced, 36-8. They'd been practicing for nine months, and they were still losing. Something had to change. # THE CHAUFFEURED CAR ARRIVED AT MCLAURIN'S APARTMENT on time. He grabbed his giant equipment bag and helmet and climbed in. Weezy, a top-heavy, long-haired 20-year-old and the newest addition to the team, sat in the front seat. He told the driver how to get to the practice field, and put on his favorite new song, Drake's " Started From the Bottom. " Weezy was from Xi'an, in the north, but had come to Chongqing since his dad started working for the city's light rail system. Hence the personal driver. He'd been enrolled at Rutgers as a freshman the previous year, but dropped out because, he told me, it was too dangerous. " I got robbed by a black dude and he put a gun right to my head, " he said in English. " I heard gunfire on the school bus. I was like so afraid I was
he saw military trucks lined up on the streets. Residents were giving soldiers candy and cigarettes and, according to an English-speaking passerby who chatted with Clark, begging them not to attack protesters. " We all thought the trucks would go in and demand the students leave, " Clark recalled. " Maybe there'd be tear gas. Maybe there'd be arrests. We didn't know what really was going to happen. It was a complete shock. " The group left the following morning for the next stop of their tour, the walled city of Xi'an. It wasn't until the morning after that when the Clarks turned on CNN in their hotel - which catered to foreign visitors - that they discovered what had happened in Tiananmen Square, Clark said. He and others in the tour group tried to call family members to tell them they were OK, but they couldn't get lines out until the following day. In Xi'an, the demonstrations were continuing, Clark said. The group saw trucks and tractors pass by with protesters waving red flags, cheering
n't know what really was going to happen. It was a complete shock. " The group left the following morning for the next stop of their tour, the walled city of Xi'an. It wasn't until the morning after that when the Clarks turned on CNN in their hotel - which catered to foreign visitors - that they discovered what had happened in Tiananmen Square, Clark said. He and others in the tour group tried to call family members to tell them they were OK, but they couldn't get lines out until the following day. In Xi'an, the demonstrations were continuing, Clark said. The group saw trucks and tractors pass by with protesters waving red flags, cheering and chanting. Again, their guide told them not to take photos. " Everyone took out their cameras and click, click, click, " Clark recalled. " The poor guide said,' No, no, don't do that.' " Clark and his wife left Xi'an and China without incident. Diane Clark died in December. Many young Chinese today do
group tried to call family members to tell them they were OK, but they couldn't get lines out until the following day. In Xi'an, the demonstrations were continuing, Clark said. The group saw trucks and tractors pass by with protesters waving red flags, cheering and chanting. Again, their guide told them not to take photos. " Everyone took out their cameras and click, click, click, " Clark recalled. " The poor guide said,' No, no, don't do that.' " Clark and his wife left Xi'an and China without incident. Diane Clark died in December. Many young Chinese today do not know what happened at Tiananmen Square. The government bars mention of the massacre in newspapers and on television and tries to block attempts to search for information about it on the Internet. To this day, whenever Clark sees any news coverage of China he thinks of the protesters he had walked among and the brutal crackdown against them a few hours later. He still shakes his head at how the government used murderous repression
the stars, for the person in the tombs. So is this some kind of tomb for the extraterrestrial gods so that they could find and return to the stars where they had come? Were the Kofun meant to serve as markers for extraterrestrials that planned to return to Earth, as some ancient astronaut theorists contend? Perhaps more evidence can be found by examining one of the most immense archaeological finds of the 20th century... the vast tomb of China's first emperor. Shaanxi Province, China. In 1974, farmers digging a well outside the town of Xi'an made an astonishing discovery... a life-size clay soldier intricately carved and dressed for battle. Further excavation revealed thousands of these sculptures, known as the Terra Cotta Warriors, each with remarkably realistic facial expressions. Entombed in the earth for over 2,000 years, the warriors are part of a massive underground mausoleum built for China's first emperor of the Qin Dynasty, Qin Shi Huang. The tomb of Qin Shi Huang is quite extraordinary. Over 8,000 terra cotta soldiers have been found there, along with 520 horses
, parenting became very complicated. # Today Trevor climbed the Great Wall. One of our ancestors might have helped to build this, he said with pride. I wanted to mention that a million lives were lost during its construction. # Today Trevor saw the ruins of the Summer Palace. The English and the French had done this to us, he raged. They robbed us of our history, he cried, as if the land we had lived on all our lives were not also taken from someone else. # Today Trevor took the train to Xi'an. An old woman on the train asked him whether he had just returned from " beyond the ocean. " He lied and said no but wondered how she knew. # " Has my hair always been curly? " he asks me. # " Maybe. " I think back to when he was five and how he used to follow me around like a little duckling. " We had kept your hair buzzed when you were little, so nobody knew. " # " Weren't you ever
break, after I found out I wouldn't need chemotherapy. We promptly set off for Coney Island, where Gracelyn wanted to eat a Nathan's hot dog. She waded in the chilly October surf and screamed her way through the drops and the curves of The Cyclone. In our five days there, Gracelyn marveled at the dinosaurs at the American Museum of Natural History and picked out skyscrapers from the observation decks of the Empire State Building. She listened to the wait staff sing at Ellen's Stardust Diner and ordered lamb and noodle soup at Chinatown's Xi'an Famous Foods. She shopped at Macy's, posed for photos between the lions at the public library and hailed a cab near Herald Square. Our tween caromed between childhood glee and almost-teenage cool, never more so than the day she lunched at the American Girl doll store, then went to a tattoo studio in Chelsea to get her ears pierced. I don't know that the trip felt sweeter for coming after this round of cancer, but it did feel like the last piece of unfinished business.
; Qcon in Brazil, China, and Japan; and The ServerSide Symposium in various locations. # Heather Vancura-Chilson # As a result of program adjustments and targeted recruitment, the JCP community now has members from every continent except Antarctica. In addition, research, open-source, and other non-profit organizations and academic institutions have joined, including Eclipse, OWASP, the Open Group, Enterprise Computer Telephony Forum, Industrial Technology Research Institute, Electronics and Telecommunications Institute, Institute for Information Industry, Peking University, IAIK University, IBBT-Ghent University, University of South Florida, and Xi'an Jiaotong University. # The JCP program has already benefited tremendously from the increased diversity in its membership. One quick way to see this is to watch for changes in the Executive Committee roster, list of annual awards nominees and recipients, and list of Spec Leads. If JUGs get involved in the way that they seem to want to do, the community will see changes all over the place, and, most importantly, in the specifications themselves. And if JUG representatives get involved to the extent that
Ferrell said. # " English and Chinese languages are so different, " he said. " A big part of learning a language is changing the way you look at things. " # Ferrell described Hong Kong as a " mixture of an eastern and western city " where visitors had access to a variety of local foods, but " didn't have to go far to eat at a McDonald's or Burger King, " he said. # For the last week of the trip, Ferrell had a chance to use his knowledge of Mandarin while touring Xi'an, a city of around four million people on mainland China. # " Xi'an is like the academic hub of China, " Ferrell said. " It's full of universities and it has a lot of history behind it. " # While in Xi'an, Ferrell visited the site of the Terracotta Army, a collection of more than 8,500 terracotta (clay-based ceramic) sculptures depicting the armies of the first Emperor of China. # Ferrell's group also enjoyed a 9-mile bike ride along the Xi'an City Wall
said. " A big part of learning a language is changing the way you look at things. " # Ferrell described Hong Kong as a " mixture of an eastern and western city " where visitors had access to a variety of local foods, but " didn't have to go far to eat at a McDonald's or Burger King, " he said. # For the last week of the trip, Ferrell had a chance to use his knowledge of Mandarin while touring Xi'an, a city of around four million people on mainland China. # " Xi'an is like the academic hub of China, " Ferrell said. " It's full of universities and it has a lot of history behind it. " # While in Xi'an, Ferrell visited the site of the Terracotta Army, a collection of more than 8,500 terracotta (clay-based ceramic) sculptures depicting the armies of the first Emperor of China. # Ferrell's group also enjoyed a 9-mile bike ride along the Xi'an City Wall, a 39-foot 
western city " where visitors had access to a variety of local foods, but " didn't have to go far to eat at a McDonald's or Burger King, " he said. # For the last week of the trip, Ferrell had a chance to use his knowledge of Mandarin while touring Xi'an, a city of around four million people on mainland China. # " Xi'an is like the academic hub of China, " Ferrell said. " It's full of universities and it has a lot of history behind it. " # While in Xi'an, Ferrell visited the site of the Terracotta Army, a collection of more than 8,500 terracotta (clay-based ceramic) sculptures depicting the armies of the first Emperor of China. # Ferrell's group also enjoyed a 9-mile bike ride along the Xi'an City Wall, a 39-foot tall and up to 52-foot wide structure that provided a view of the city. # " I'd love to go back and do it all over again, " he said. " I had a really great time. " # Crystal
Ferrell had a chance to use his knowledge of Mandarin while touring Xi'an, a city of around four million people on mainland China. # " Xi'an is like the academic hub of China, " Ferrell said. " It's full of universities and it has a lot of history behind it. " # While in Xi'an, Ferrell visited the site of the Terracotta Army, a collection of more than 8,500 terracotta (clay-based ceramic) sculptures depicting the armies of the first Emperor of China. # Ferrell's group also enjoyed a 9-mile bike ride along the Xi'an City Wall, a 39-foot tall and up to 52-foot wide structure that provided a view of the city. # " I'd love to go back and do it all over again, " he said. " I had a really great time. " # Crystal Wylie can be reached at **27;1871;TOOLONG or 623-1669, ext. 6696. # Eastern Kentucky University " has not been managed efficiently for many years " and needs " a change agent " as its next president. Harry Moberly, a former state representative
have to do? Where do I have to go? What do I have to do to make me stop loving, loving you? What do I 21634 Earthquakes with 50,000 or More Deaths # Listed in order of greatest number of deaths # Date UTC # Location # Deaths # Magnitude # Comments # 1556/01/23 # Shaanxi (Shensi), China # 830000 # 8 # The earthquake occurred near Huaxian, Shaanxi (formerly Shensi), China, about 50 miles (80 km) east-northeast of Xi'an, the capital of Shaanxi. More than 830,000 people were killed. Damage extended as far away as Taiyuan, the capital of Shanxi (formerly Shansi) and about 270 miles (430 km) northeast of the epicenter. There are felt reports as far away as Liuyang in Hunan, more than 500 miles (800 km) away. Geological effects reported with this earthquake included ground fissures, uplift, subsidence, sandblows, liquefaction and landslides. Most towns in the damage area 
, et.al.: In Huaxian, " city walls, temples, offices and civilian houses were demolished, without a single wall left standing.... The ground fissured and sunk. Water gushed out and formed canals. Sixty percent of the people (several tens of thousands were killed or injured. " In Weinan 15 miles (24 km) west of Huaxian, " city walls, temples, storehouses, offices and civilian houses collapsed totally.... In the city, the ground sunk for more than 3 meters. Fifty percent of the people were killed. " In Xi'an one of China's major cities then as it is now, " city walls, storeyed buildings and terraces collapsed. Most temples were destroyed. More than half of the houses toppled down. Only 10-20 percent of the walls were left standing. The ground fissured crisscross. Thirty percent of the people were killed. " Even as far away as Taiyuan, " houses were destroyed in great numbers. " In many references, this earthquake is referred to as the " Shensi Province earthquake of 1556 " using
# 856/12/22 # Iran, Damghan # 200000 # 1920/12/16 # Haiyuan, Ningxia (Ning-hsia), China # 200000 # 7.8 # Total destruction (XII - the maximum intensity on the Mercalli scale) in the **25;8337;TOOLONG area. Over 73,000 people were killed in Haiyuan County. A landslide buried the village of Sujiahe in Xiji County. More than 30,000 people were killed in Guyuan County. Nearly all the houses collapsed in the cities of Longde and Huining. Damage (VI-X) occurred in 7 provinces and regions, including the major cities of Lanzhou, Taiyuan, Xi'an, Xining and Yinchuan. It was felt from the Yellow Sea to Qinghai (Tsinghai) Province and from Nei Mongol (Inner Mongolia) south to central Sichuan (Szechwan) Province. About 200 km (125 mi) of surface faulting was seen from Lijunbu through Ganyanchi to Jingtai. There were large numbers of landslides and ground cracks throughout the epicentral area. Some rivers were dammed, others changed course. Seiches from this earthquake were observed in 2 lakes and 3 fjords in western Norway. Although usually
people downstream. A train was buried by a landslide near Longnan, Gansu. At least 2,473 dams sustained some damage and more than 53,000 km of roads and 48,000 km of tap water pipelines were damaged. About 1.5 km of surface faulting was observed near Qingchuan, surface cracks and fractures occurred on three mountains in the area, and subsidence and street cracks were observed in the city itself. Maximum intensity XI was assigned in the Wenchuan area. Felt (VIII) at Deyang and Mianyang; (VII) at Chengdu; (VI) at Luzhou and Xi'an; (V) at Chongqing, Guozhen, Lanzhou, Leshan, Wu'an, Xichang and Ya'an. Felt in much of central, eastern and southern China, including Beijing, Guangzhou, Hefei, Nanjing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Wuhan and in Hong Kong. Also felt in parts of Bangladesh, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. Seiches were observed at Kotalipara, Bangladesh. # 2005/10/08 # Pakistan # 86000 # 7.6 # At least 86,000 people killed, more than 69,000 injured and extensive damage in northern Pakistan
Health Sciences Center, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States of America, 7 Cardiovascular Research Center, University of Connecticut School of Medicine, Farmington, Connecticut, United States of America, 8 INSERM U866, University of Burgundy, Dijon, France, 9 Department of Biochemistry, Postgraduate Programme of Biochemistry, Institute of Basic Health Sciences, Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, Brazil, 10 Signal Transduction Laboratory, Ordway Research Institute, Albany, New York, United States of America, 11 Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, China, 12 Laboratory of Physiological Studies, Section on Oxidative Stress Tissue Injury, National Institutes of Health, Rockville, Maryland, United States of America, 13 Department of Biochemistry and Biotechnology, Annamalai University, Annamalainagar, Tamil Nadu, India, 14 College of Pharmacy, University of Hawaii at Hilo, Hilo, Hawaii, United States of America, 15 UFR Pharmacie, University of Bordeaux, Villenave d'Ornon, France, 16 Proteomics Laboratory, Indian Institute of Toxicology
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States of America, 7 Cardiovascular Research Center, University of Connecticut School of Medicine, Farmington, Connecticut, United States of America, 8 INSERM U866, University of Burgundy, Dijon, France, 9 Department of Biochemistry, Postgraduate Programme of Biochemistry, Institute of Basic Health Sciences, Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, Brazil, 10 Signal Transduction Laboratory, Ordway Research Institute, Albany, New York, United States of America, 11 Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, China, 12 Laboratory of Physiological Studies, Section on Oxidative Stress Tissue Injury, National Institutes of Health, Rockville, Maryland, United States of America, 13 Department of Biochemistry and Biotechnology, Annamalai University, Annamalainagar, Tamil Nadu, India, 14 College of Pharmacy, University of Hawaii at Hilo, Hilo, Hawaii, United States of America, 15 UFR Pharmacie, University of Bordeaux, Villenave d'Ornon, France, 16 Proteomics Laboratory, Indian Institute of Toxicology Research, Lucknow,
a well-developed bond market. That leaves them looking vulnerable because of a likely pile-up of bad loans. They also sold sub-prime loan derivatives, much like those that set off the US housing and financial crisis, to retail investors, and will likely have to repay them if the Ponzi-like vehicles implode. # What this protection could amount to is that foreign banks interested in taking stakes in Chinese banks may face trouble. Canada's Scotiabank announced a deal to buy a 20% stake in Bank of Guangzhou 14 months ago and to increase its existing holding in Bank of Xi'an, and is still waiting for regulatory approval. Foreign banks in China wanting to open new branches will likely find it slow going too. It would make them more competitive with Chinese banks, whose depositors generally end up with negative interest rates after inflation. # And foreign banks' share of the Chinese market is already tiny. Back in 2001, one of the promises China made upon acceding to the WTO was to open up its banking sector to external competition. This has not really happened. Institutions
they'd done what people wanted when there were 1.7 million 87911 Sidebar 3 The Place I Had to See # My brother and I used to talk all the time about places to go. Of course at the end of his life he couldn't go anywhere. He spent all his time in a big easy chair, talking on the phone to his friends and to me. He had traveled a bit when he was younger to a rather odd assortment of places. Machu Picchu and Xi'an and once had almost bought a bar in a small backwater town in Mexico. # I have done a lot more traveling but there are still many places I want to go One of the places we talked about was Petra, that " rose-red city, half as old as time. " It was on the top of my list of sights to see along with Angkor Wat. Like so many others, I had been enchanted by Petra since Indiana Jones found the Holy Grail inside its Treasury at the
is their busy season: picking pears, apples, but most of all cotton. # And what about the hundred of thousands of impoverished people from Sichuan who have been imported each year in recent years to pick cotton? They're out of a major source of income as well. # So... a mother in North Carolina decides to hold-off purchasing some new jeans or t-shirts at Wal-Mart for her kids; stockpiles build up at warehouses, and Wal-Mart reduces orders; clothing factories shut down in the Pearl River Delta; cotton cloth manufactures pull the plug in Xi'an; and, farmers and itinerant workers go hungry in Xinjiang. # What's next? I'm not making any predictions, especially outside of Xinjiang. But as for Uyghurs, when you mix increased economic desperation with a sense of increased repression in recent months, pressure is being added to an already dangerous situation. Let's hope it doesn't explode. November 05, 2008 # Well, it's official: Barack Obama is the next President of the United States, and things are suddenly
they have 790904 # Reason: An army in clay, the famed terra-cotta warriors have stood at attention through the centuries while guarding the tomb of the emperor who united China. # * * * # The Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor is home to one of history's greatest armies -- though it's one built entirely of clay. # The massive host of terra-cotta warriors charged with guarding the emperor's tomb for eternity was discovered in 1974, when farmers near the city of Xi'an dug a well and found a clay head -- the first of perhaps 7,000 unique figures. (No one knows for certain because excavations of the pits are still ongoing.) # Qin Shihuangdi, who died in 210 B.C., was the first ruler to unite China. After his conquests he also tied the empire with an extensive road network, standard currency and weights and measures, a single written script, and even a more consistent legal code. # Qin's great accomplishments included his resting place,
alive, and actually quite young, so that he could oversee all aspects of its construction. It took 36 years, and hundreds of workers, to raise the terra-cotta warrior army. # Qin Shihuangdi is said to have had a special interest in immortality. He sent subjects across the empire in search of products or potions that could extend life. This obsession not only remained unrealized but may have proven fatal. It's believed that one " longevity " potion contained mercury, and scholars suspect it contributed to his death. # How to Get There # Xi'an is a major city serviced by bus, train, and an international airport. The mausoleum and museum can be reached by bus, minibus, taxi, or a plethora of guided tours. # When to Visit # The Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor is worth a visit in any season. Summers, though crowded, are hot and wet, and winters quite cold. The spring and fall seasons offer fewer temperature extremes. # How to Visit # Guided tours are available on site. Renting a
is not unprecedented. # As for for the incorrect error range, I think someone deduced the error amount from zero instead of the plotted vale. If that was deduced from the plotted value, it would show a band the same shape as the plotted curve but broader, which is sort of what you'd expect if you did not increase or decrease error value over time. An easy mistake to make with long columns of seemingly random data in a spreadsheet IMO. # The Institute of Earth Environment Chinese Academy of Sciences (IEECAS) was established in Xi'an in 1999, it is based on the Stay Key Laboratory of Loess and Quaternary Geology, CAS, which was founded through the efforts of Prof. Liu Tunghseng, An Zhisheng and others in 1985. http: //english.ieexa.cas.cn/ # Jono -- For information of CAS Earth Environment Institute on management of post-doctorate, such as application procedures, application form and application, etc, please contact Zhang Yingwen at zywloess.llqg.ac.cn. # Matt -- Liu Yu, male, born in 1963, doctor, 
Taiwan and Zhejiang Provinces. 310,92 # 1920/12/16 # Haiyuan, Ningxia (Ning-hsia), China 36.5N 105.7E # 200000 # 7.8 # Total destruction (XII - the maximum intensity on the Mercalli scale) in the **25;2988;TOOLONG area. Over 73,000 people were killed in Haiyuan County. A landslide buried the village of Sujiahe in Xiji County. More than 30,000 people were killed in Guyuan County. Nearly all the houses collapsed in the cities of Longde and Huining. Damage (VI-X) occurred in 7 provinces and regions, including the major cities of Lanzhou, Taiyuan, Xi'an, Xining and Yinchuan. It was felt from the Yellow Sea to Qinghai (Tsinghai) Province and from Nei Mongol (Inner Mongolia) south to central Sichuan (Szechwan) Province. About 200 km (125 mi) of surface faulting was seen from Lijunbu through Ganyanchi to Jingtai. There were large numbers of landslides and ground cracks throughout the epicentral area. Some rivers were dammed, others changed course. Seiches from this earthquake were observed in 2 lakes and 3 fjords in western Norway. Although usually
subsequent fires. The quake was felt from Kagoshima to Tokyo. Faulting was observed on the Gomura and Yamada Faults, at right angles to each other at the base of the Tango Peninsula. 6,92 # 1927/05/22 # Gulang, Gansu (Kansu), China 37.5N 102.7E # 40900 # 7.6 # Extreme damage in the Gulang-Wuwei area. Landslides buried a town near Gulang and dammed a stream in Wuwei County, creating a new lake. Large fissures and sandblows occurred in the area. Damage occurred from Lanzhou through Minqin and Yongchang to Jinta. It was felt at Xi'an and as far as 700 km (440 mi) from the epicenter. This area along the base of the Qilian Shan (formerly named Nan Shan, which is why this is sometimes called the Nan Shan earthquake) was part of the Silk Road connecting China with Central Asia. Some sources list the death toll as high as 200,000, but this may be a confusion with the 
the earthquake itself. About 5,000 houses in Japan were destroyed, of which nearly 3,000 were washed away. Maximum wave heights of 28.7 m (94 ft) were observed at Ryori Bay, Honshu. The tsunami also caused slight damage in Hawaii, where a 2.9-meter (9.5-foot) was recorded at Napoopoo. 312,322,8f,321 # 1933/08/25 # North of Maowen, Sichuan (Szechwan), China 32.0N 103.7E # 9300 # 7.5 # The city of Diexi and about 60 villages in the area were completely destroyed. Damage and casualties also occurred at Chengdu. Felt at Chongqing and Xi'an. Landslides created 4 lakes on the Min Jiang River. Over 2,500 of the casualties occurred 45 days after the earthquake, when the lakes broke through the slides and inundated the valley. 310 # 1934/01/15 # Bihar, India-Nepal 26.5N 86.5E # 10700 # 8.1 # Extreme damage (X) in the Sitamarhi-Madhubani, India area, where most buildings tilted or sank up to 1 m (3 ft) into the thick alluvium. Sand covered the sunken floors up to 1 m deep. This liquefaction damage extended
people downstream. A train was buried by a landslide near Longnan, Gansu. At least 2,473 dams sustained some damage and more than 53,000 km of roads and 48,000 km of tap water pipelines were damaged. About 1.5 km of surface faulting was observed near Qingchuan, surface cracks and fractures occurred on three mountains in the area, and subsidence and street cracks were observed in the city itself. Maximum intensity XI was assigned in the Wenchuan area. Felt (VIII) at Deyang and Mianyang; (VII) at Chengdu; (VI) at Luzhou and Xi'an; (V) at Chongqing, Guozhen, Lanzhou, Leshan, Wu'an, Xichang and Ya'an. Felt in much of central, eastern and southern China, including Beijing, Guangzhou, Hefei, Nanjing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Wuhan and in Hong Kong. Also felt in parts of Bangladesh, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. Seiches were observed at Kotalipara, Bangladesh. # 2009/09/30 # Southern Sumatra, Indonesia -0.720 99.867 # 1117 # 7.5 # At least 1,117 people killed, 1,214 injured, 181,665 buildings
, 2011, on page A1 of the New York edition with the 775901 Steve Jobs Spotted in the Back of a Truck. In China. Update # Late fall, Steve Jobs sadly moved on from this world. He's gone and missed. Yet, a photo of Jobs in the back of a truck is now making the internet rounds in China. Could this be the information age's equivalent of Elvis sightings? # The photo was apparently taken on September 26 in the city of Xi'an. A figure that looks like Jobs, complete with his iconic pose and black sweater, is visible in the back of a flatbed. # Online in China, the photo has caused a flurry of responses. " Jobs has resurrected, " wrote one net user. " Please do something about the iOS maps, " wrote another. # There are not many details 
Where to get it: Lillian does consistently tasty Portuguese-style egg tarts with soft, flaky crusts and a filling just like crme brle. # They fly off the shelves after 5 p.m. during rush hours. Plus, they seem to be present on every busy downtown corner. (Are they the cause of Shanghai's eternal traffic jams or sweet relief? Something we'll continue to ponder.) 34. Niu rou bing (beef pancake,???) # Why we love it: A meaty, spicy version of the Shanghainese cong you bing, Xi'an's niu rou bing is known for its crispy dough exterior and ground beef stuffing, which is marinated in Sichuan peppercorns. # A small bite will have your tongue tingling and your heart warmed up a few degrees. # Where to get it: Head to the Apple store on Huaihai Zhong Lu and let your nose guide you across the street until you see this 3216937 The best sushi restaurants in Tokyo # Not all sushi restaurants break the
our own brain around textbooks and works. Whilst white-collar staff are usually really stressed out creating year-end reports, associated with came to the realization of which it could be a pleasing and enjoyable solution to adapt to the newest season? # Not surprisingly, this year-end record prohibited referring to recommendations different from these assigned by a person's superior or perhaps lecturers. It's particular. You're definitely not confined in order to referring to educational operation. Nor would you like to fear of this creating. # Du Wenbo, thirty, is really a student via Xi'an Jiaotong College or university. Your dog writes year-end reports in order to wedding ring within a new season. The gathering associated with reports captures unique tales associated with Du's campus lifetime. # The superior report to get his or her 2011 record is definitely Du's expertise setting up a 63rd wedding to get his or her international tutor. Your dog remembers classmates talked about the selection associated with meal, adorned the space and his or her teacher's captivate. # " My year-end record around sophomore season
. # " My year-end record around sophomore season has been mostly regarding having fun with my friends. I could discover myself come to be more polite this season, " mentioned Du. # Have a great time at the schools get together or perhaps plan you you upon campus. This countdown carnival within a in town plaza is frequently more desirable than the usual campus function. # You'll be able to flow in order to singer Wilber Griddle on Shanghai Xintiandi this season. Or perhaps you'll be able to view this fireworks at the bell system around Xi'an. On the other hand, a lot of schools can be found upon campuses far from this in town area. It's unrealistic to get scholars in order to dash off to returning to this suburbs following your countdown get together later during the night. # The majority of educational institutions attract his or her student unions to prepare New Year's Eve celebrations. Meng Xianghao, thirty, enjoys this get together on his or her education, Nanjing College or university, to a packed you in town.
The Council, " their religious collective. The Council is responsible for the dictums that define Banu society, but their own calling requires that they be separated from their people in so much as is possible. As a result, Trise is located deep in Banu territory far from any populated systems. # There are no great Banu pilgrimages, though, so do not expect to move worshippers to and from the system. The idea that the collective must be separate from the society is law. In fact, shippers take note, The Collective prefers human and Xi'An goods specifically because they wish to avoid the influence of their own people... and they're willing to pay top dollar to maintain their philosophy. # Banu monk equivalents do produce elaborate copper-based artwork which has a certain kitsch value; their healers concoct a variety of medicines which have been shown to have a positive affect on human disease. # Next: " The planet was designed from 3265574 Saturday, July 28, 2012Colorado Rockies victims
or video. We knew a storm was heading towards New York, but no one had any idea Hurricane Sandy would black-out downtown Manhattan where many of the students dorms are located and schools would be closed for a couple of weeks. Part II, above, is an excerpt of the work of the 3183743 # You've heard it said many times before: Everything's bigger in Texas. So what's China's " Texas "? Ask a true local and the answer is bound to be Xi'an. # Xi'an, capital of China's beautiful Shaanxi province, is an intriguing juxtaposition of East China and West China, of Modern China and Historical China, and of Urban China and Rural China. Home of the Terracotta Army and Chinese rock star Zheng Jun, Xi'an is the place to go if you're looking for culture during the day and a romp-rockin' good time at night. There you will find large and in charge offerings even Guy Fieri would find hard to handle. # 3.
We knew a storm was heading towards New York, but no one had any idea Hurricane Sandy would black-out downtown Manhattan where many of the students dorms are located and schools would be closed for a couple of weeks. Part II, above, is an excerpt of the work of the 3183743 # You've heard it said many times before: Everything's bigger in Texas. So what's China's " Texas "? Ask a true local and the answer is bound to be Xi'an. # Xi'an, capital of China's beautiful Shaanxi province, is an intriguing juxtaposition of East China and West China, of Modern China and Historical China, and of Urban China and Rural China. Home of the Terracotta Army and Chinese rock star Zheng Jun, Xi'an is the place to go if you're looking for culture during the day and a romp-rockin' good time at night. There you will find large and in charge offerings even Guy Fieri would find hard to handle. # 3. THE BIG:
excerpt of the work of the 3183743 # You've heard it said many times before: Everything's bigger in Texas. So what's China's " Texas "? Ask a true local and the answer is bound to be Xi'an. # Xi'an, capital of China's beautiful Shaanxi province, is an intriguing juxtaposition of East China and West China, of Modern China and Historical China, and of Urban China and Rural China. Home of the Terracotta Army and Chinese rock star Zheng Jun, Xi'an is the place to go if you're looking for culture during the day and a romp-rockin' good time at night. There you will find large and in charge offerings even Guy Fieri would find hard to handle. # 3. THE BIG: 45 ounce " MegaBeers " at Su Ji (????) # WHERE DO I GET IT: Located on Ke Ji Lu Street in the Yanta District, this prominent hole-in-the-wall is known for its cheap but mouthwatering hand-pulled noodles. However, drop
Columbia coat and intently studying Sun Tzu's The Art of War), and he'll hand you what looks like a normal beer bottle on steroids. Depending on what time of the year it is, the beer will either be dark (Sinkiang Black Beer,????) or light (Snow,????), but you can count on it being forty-five ounces of pure, cold, unadulterated beverage. # WHERE DO I GET IT: Nan Guang Ji Jie Street, Beilin District, is a deep fried haven in Xi'an. Anything that is greasy and produces heart attacks can be found here, including the delicious Chinese breadstick twists known as Ma Hwa. What makes this food stand special is the size of the pastries. Ma Hwa is usually the size of a sharpie, but sometimes it can be seen a bit bigger, as about the size of a baby's arm. However, the proprietress takes it to the next level when she makes her daily Jumbo Ma Hwa that can be compared to the size of a
daily Jumbo Ma Hwa that can be compared to the size of a grown man's leg. She keeps it in the back of the stand, in a little nook, and will break you off a sizable chunk for just ten RMB. # Order it: to have a yummy treat to snack on while trekking to the Bell Tower. # 1. THE BIG: Colossal Lychee-ritas at One Plus One Nightclub/Disco # WHERE DO I GET IT: 285, East Avenue, Beilin District, is usually where locals will tell you the nightclub scene is in Xi'an. But a good clubber will know One Plus One is the only way to start the night. A popular destination for foreigners and denizens alike, this disco is chic and sexy, but also loud and in-your-face. Frequents of One Plus One love to order the Colossal Lychee-ritas, served in a gigantic frosted beer glass, topped of with four juicy lime slices and a sugarcoated rim. It's only fourteen RMB and is guaranteed to make your visit to Xi'an an unforgettable one. Jetset Times  
East Avenue, Beilin District, is usually where locals will tell you the nightclub scene is in Xi'an. But a good clubber will know One Plus One is the only way to start the night. A popular destination for foreigners and denizens alike, this disco is chic and sexy, but also loud and in-your-face. Frequents of One Plus One love to order the Colossal Lychee-ritas, served in a gigantic frosted beer glass, topped of with four juicy lime slices and a sugarcoated rim. It's only fourteen RMB and is guaranteed to make your visit to Xi'an an unforgettable one. Jetset Times Categories About # Jetset Times' mission is to inspire people to travel, see and touch the world. The website encompasses cultural aspects showcasing: traveling, culinary, artistic, athletic, and volunteering experiences that have shifted each contributors' 3183818 # It sure sounds like Alexa Chung had some things to get off her chest about fashion, body image, and self-esteem. The British former model and television
Qin Shi Huang. It is a form of funerary art buried with the emperor in 210 -- 209 BC and whose purpose was to protect the emperor in his afterlife. # Please activate JavaScript to see this gallery # These life-sized figurines totaling to 8,000, were created differently and uniquely. The Emperor ordered that every warrior should be completely individual. I can say that my travel was worth it. I was really interested with them upon watching their history on television, so I had to see to it, at any cost, that I get to visit Xi'an to see the Terracotta with my very own eyes. I advise you do the same. There is really more to China than the more famous " Great Wall ". # Please activate JavaScript to see this gallery # For those unable to make the journey to Xi'an, some of the choicest specimens unearthed there form the centerpiece of two successive traveling exhibitions that survey the reign of Qin Shi Huangdi (221 B.C.-210 B.C.). " The First Emperor, " organized by the British Museum, debuted in London
differently and uniquely. The Emperor ordered that every warrior should be completely individual. I can say that my travel was worth it. I was really interested with them upon watching their history on television, so I had to see to it, at any cost, that I get to visit Xi'an to see the Terracotta with my very own eyes. I advise you do the same. There is really more to China than the more famous " Great Wall ". # Please activate JavaScript to see this gallery # For those unable to make the journey to Xi'an, some of the choicest specimens unearthed there form the centerpiece of two successive traveling exhibitions that survey the reign of Qin Shi Huangdi (221 B.C.-210 B.C.). " The First Emperor, " organized by the British Museum, debuted in London before moving to the High Museum in Atlanta. A second show, " Terra Cotta Warriors, " then opened at the Bowers Museum in Santa Ana, California. It is now at the Houston Museum of Natural Science through October 18, and then moves to the
So this is it. The 31st day. Thank you for joining me here. I'm still a mess, but at least I'm not hiding it anymore. And at least we can lean into it together. And at least we've made some headway, cleared out the clutter a bit, tidied up so there 3265517 # The reason why I voted for design 2 was that I think it looks more like a turtle -- the long neck protruding from the shell. And since the Xi'An are supposed to have influenced the design and they look like space turtles, I found it very fitting. # From what I have gathered the ship design process is taking into account functional considerations, with this in mind, the wings are probably not merely an aesthetic choice, and I believe they have been designed to perform a function, like maneuvrability or whatever. It's a pretty big ship so it may be necessary to have the fins this size. I du n no, just sharing my
# Regardless of which airline you take to Israel, it isn't uncommon to face extremely long waits getting into Israel, particularly if you have stamps from Arab countries with which Israel is at war -- all of them except Egypt and Jordan, as of 2012 -- in your passport. It's frustrating, but not surprising in a country where enemy rockets still regularly fall. # Unofficial Officials Just because travelers have to adhere to certain protocols in order to be able to fly doesn't mean the officials who regulate traveler behavior must also do so. At Xi'an Airport in western China in June 2010, for example, I was checked in by a plainclothes teenager who was using his personal laptop computer to complete the operation. # This wasn't a one-off either. Prior to boarding a Kuwait Airlines flight to Manila at Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi Airport in early 2011, I had my bag searched by a man who walked off the plane wearing jeans and a T-shirt and who took a call on what appeared to be a personal cellphone after he " screened " me.
have been quite interesting in China for the past few days. To catch up with what you've probably missed, just search for " Diaoyu Islands " or " Senkaku Islands ", and you will know what it's all about in no time. Anyway, ownership over some uninhabited island stirred up all sort of grudges between China and Japan. On the Chinese side, demonstrations have been given, Japanese flags burned, protests shouted. More than that, Japanese-branded cars have also been trashed, shopping malls and stores burned, Japanese-branded products looted. In Xi'an, the mob even put a siege upon the Zhong Lou Hotel (international hotel in the city's center), demanding staff to push out all Japanese tourists. All in all, it's the biggest ever carnival of scoundrel proletarians. But you can get plenty of coverage, with pictures, on that elsewhere. For this blog post, I'd rather talk about some interesting marketing activities in the name of " patriotism ", or nationalism. The two of them are about the same thing in
belongs to China' to get 20% off. " Relevancy aside, is this calling for a Chinese invasion of Japan? Really? # Whatever this business is, it's " patriotic ". # And this one. The picture's too dark. I can't make out what kind of business it is. But the LED banner says " Any customer shouting' Diaoyu Islands belong to China' gets free service! " # So... Japan is going through that much trouble just to acquire this little hotel...? # This is a hotel in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province. The phone number tells. Well you can see what its name is. The tagline in red font says " Tour mountains, tour rivers, tour the whole wide world. Love your country, love your home, love the Diaoyu Islands. " This strikes me kind of funny. Until August 2012, very few in the whole country care about some uninhabited islands. Then BAM! Suddenly you are to love the islands as much as you love your sweet home. # Sorry
I read this post so late, there's no way for me to make a video over Christmas day. I have been employing 4HWW ideas for about eight years now, including traveling to almost 40 countries and over half of them for free (without using miles). My son is 4 and has been to 20 countries. I got a " 1? on the Lifestyle Quotient assessment, which was cool to see. Thanks Tim for taking the ideas of a mobile and intentional lifestyle so much further than anyone else. If you ever come through Xi'an, China, hit me up! # A big thank-you to Tim for introducing me to his principles. Everything I learned has allowed me to pursue my passion, help other people, and travel. # I took what I learned in the book and used it to expand my business (teaching people how to meditate) and added a new product (an online, self-study course). By outsourcing, automating, delegating, and streamlining I was able to: # 1.) Add a product
Cry, Cry. (33,365 shares, 6,798 comments.) # i??? uploaded a screenshot of a thread discussing " How is Jusco? " referring to a Japanese-owned shopping mall in Changsha, Hunan province, in which a few users said they had made away with many iPhones and necklaces. # ??? published a photo of a young man in Xi'an who volunteered to stand in the street, warning those driving Japanese-brand cars of anti-Japanese violence ahead with his hand-written sign. # ???: Salute to this citizen of Xi'an!!! At where he was standing, he brought some light to this dark day and real dignity to citizens of Xi'an. (71,073 shares, 10,815 comments) # Many posts called September 15, the day the worst violence took place, a day of national disgrace and humiliation, and expressed unreserved contempt for and outrage over mobsters terrorizing Chinese citizens and destroying personal property. # ??? (Entrepreneur, former president of Google China): Today, the happiest people should be Japanese,
Danish diplomat and Consul-General in Shanghai, posted for 20 years in China and now an associate of NIAS. Susanne Posborg, University of Aarhus, is the most often used Danish translator of Chinese novels and literature. # Researchers and news media are welcome to quote from the English translation if NIAS is stated as the source. # Officially, the interview has never been promoted by the Chinese authorities. Neither in 2000 nor today. The interview is accessible on Chinese web-sites and was in February 2012 once more published in another Chinese commercial magazine, owned by a Xi'an based Chinese shareholding media company. # If interviewed today, Xi Jinping would probably have phrased himself differently. But the interview was already published 12 years ago, has been available since then and known to an increasingly larger Chinese public. What can the Chinese authorities do? They do nothing and do not comment on the interview. # Xi Jinping was 47 years old and governor of Fujian province when he gave the interview in 2000. At the time he was relatively unknown and not even a full member
Japanese consumers were far more likely (35%) to correctly identify Germany as the leader compared to respondents from other countries (U.S. 9%; China 15%; India 9%). The top countries in order of cumulative solar installations as of 2011 are Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, the U.S. and China*. # Applied Materials is committed to accelerating the adoption of solar technology globally and proudly invests in renewable energy educational programs fostering environmental stewardship to inspire the next generation of innovators. These programs include the Clean Tech Competition for high-school students in Northern California and Xi'an, China, as well as the United States and China 2013 Solar Decathlon competitions that challenge teams from colleges and universities worldwide to design and build innovative solar-powered homes that are attractive, affordable and energy efficient. For more information on Applied Materials' environmental stewardship, visit: http: **57;6120;TOOLONG. # For more information about the 4th annual Applied Materials Summer Solstice survey, visit http: **40;6179;TOOLONG and follow the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag #solsticeapplied. # Methodology # Ketchum Global Research &; Analytics and Ipsos conducted
2014, with a compound annual growth rate of 22.4% in the next two years. # CCID Consulting Co., Ltd., the first Chinese consulting firm listed in the Growth Enterprise Market (GEM) of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKSE: 08235) and the first consulting firm which gets ISO 9001 international and national quality management system standard certification, is directly affiliated to China Center for Information Industry Development (hereinafter known as CCID Group). Headquartered in Beijing, CCID Consulting has so far set up branch offices in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Xi'an, Wuhan and Nanjing with over 300 professional consultants. The company's business scope has covered over 200 large and medium-sized cities in China. CCID Consulting provides customers with public policy establishment, industry competitiveness upgrade, development strategy and planning, marketing strategy and research, HR management, IT programming and management services, investment and financing, and M &A.; The company's customers range from government departments at all levels and diversified industrial parks, to industrial users in strategic emerging industries in new generation information technology, energy
unprecedented size, potentially reducingthe price of solar power. The company, already an established leader in display technology, began its solar venture in 2006 and took just six months to develop equipment for manufacturing thin-film silicon cells. It now sells equipment for making the cells on pieces of glass with an area of 5.7 square meters. Working at this scale brings down the cost per watt of energy that the panels produce. MARKETS The company has a growing list of customers, mostly in Asia and Europe. Inthe fall, it opened a research and development center in Xi'an, China, to capitalize on a growing market it sees in that country. STRATEGY The new R &D; center will focus on the needs of China's mostly urban population by developing technologies such as windows that harvest solar energy. The company will also continue research at its California site, hoping to raise the efficiency of solar panels produced with its equipmentfrom 8.5 percent to 10 percent by year's end and to 12 percent by 2012. TR SCALING UP SOLAR POWER,' P. 84 AthenaHealth Electronic health records
of words. King's ideals inspired my students to believe that change was possible. # By Sylvia Krebs # This is a year of anniversaries for China. # Some commemorate historic events of great national pride. Others recall dark spots on the country's memory. Among the former is Oct. 1, the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. # The latter includes June 3-4, the 20th anniversary of the government's suppression of demonstrators in Beijing's Tiananmen Square. # My husband, Ed, and I were teaching in Xi'an in 1989, and the run-up to June 4 created a profusion of memories. # Discussions with my students wandered from the political implications of the demonstrations to the latest rumors and jokes. # We rode our bicycles among students from many colleges and universities, marching to rendezvous with others at the provincial government building until city foreign affairs officials blocked our way. # I watched everyone from teachers to students to the boiler room manager rush to watch the almost daily parades. # We shared the excitement of our
78462 Hearing a concert in an unfamiliar setting underlines the universality, if not of music, then of the concertgoing experience. The National Symphony Orchestra played Tuesday night in the Grand Auditorium of the Cultural Center in Macau, which is a Special Autonomous Region of China. It was the first concert of the NSO's tour of China and South Korea that will include performances in Beijing, Xi'an, Shanghai, Seoul and Goyang. # In Macau, the orchestra was meeting a new audience in a new venue. But there was the same warm, wood-paneled auditorium with red plush seats; the same program bios, here in Portuguese and Chinese; the same ushers pouncing like hawks on young people trying to text on their mobile phones during the show. (Both ushers and young people here showed a striking degree of determination.) # Of course, there were plenty of differences. It was
By Julian Smith Julian Smith is a frequent contributor to ARCHAEOLOGY; his book Chasing the Leopard will be published this summer. 25204 FROM A DISTANCE, the mausoleum of Chinas first emperor, Qin Shihuangdi, looks like a verdant hill, a welcome resting place among craggy peaks. According to the Han Dynasty historian Sima Qian, the unopened 2,200-year-old tomb contains countless treasures, including replicas of palaces and rivers of mercury. Other parts of the memorial complex in Xi'an have yielded incredible finds -- most famously, a life-size terracotta army 8,000 strong. Writing a century after the emperors death in 210 B.C., Sima Qian wrote that it took more than 700,000 workers to complete the massive project. Though some scholars argue that his number is inflated -- greater than the population of any city in the world at the time -- it remains widely used by Chinese historians. Even if the true number of workers at the emperors tomb was a fraction of that, they still represent a
unified nation. " There has been little historical evidence about where the mausoleum workers came from, " says Xu Zhi, a doctoral candidate in molecular anthropology at Fudan University in Shanghai. " To date, most people have believed they were from the north of China. " Epitaphs from the period suggest the workers came from the northern region surrounding the emperor's tomb. This area includes what were once the other warring states unified under the emperor's rule, says Duan Qingbo, former head of the Qin Shihuangdi Mausoleum Excavation Team, now a professor at Xi'an's Northwest University. DNA from a grave site for the tomb workers is now providing hints that they came from much farther afield. Yet DNA evidence, which often seems so clear and definitive, can be anything but, especially in China, where a lack of scientific transparency and concerns about the politicization of results have plagued recent efforts to provide a genetic perspective to ancient questions. DUAN FIRST 
workers. In the meantime, the DNA lab at Jilin University in Changchun verified a Western Eurasian presence in a 1,400-year-old tomb in Shanxi Province. Though the sarcophagus was constructed in Chinese style, it is decorated with carvings -- priests with bird claws leaning over a Zoroastrian altar, pudgy youths trampling grapes, and Persian-styled swashbucklers hunting on camelback -- that made archaeologists suspect a foreign origin. This is how DNA should be used, says Shelach -- to supplement concrete archaeological evidence. Like any other artifact, DNA needs context, something the " foreign " worker in Xi'an lacked. Chinese researchers have occasionally ignored this context. Even Duan admits that he was so seduced by the possibility of a foreign worker confirming his suppositions about East-West interaction that he entertained the prospect despite a lack of complementary evidence. More suspiciously, however, some Chinese scientists have used DNA to contradict conclusions drawn from rich physical evidence. Critics say these results may be those most obviously influenced by political pressure. One example of this comes from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in Chinas far-flung northwest, home to
there were East Asians among them. And since releasing their report on the mausoleum builders, Fudan researchers haven't moved to quiet suspicions by retesting the results that seem to indicate Chinese minorities worked on the most epic project of a newly unified nation. It seems that until China allows greater access to its genetic samples or more consistent openness to international cooperation, skepticism about those results will continue and the ultimate truth, like the treasures in Qin Shihuangdi's tomb, will remain shrouded in mystery. PHOTO (COLOR): East of the famed terracotta warriors in Xi'an, archaeologists found the remains of workers who built the mausoleum complex of China's first emperor, Qin Shihuangdi. They were buried haphazardly, but showed no obvious cause of death other than exhaustion. PHOTO (COLOR): Archaeologist Duan Qingbo is skeptical of DNA results that found the tomb builders had come from southern China. PHOTO (COLOR): The first emperor's mausoleum, which remains unopened, is thought to hold countless treasures. Could it have been built by slaves from the south? PHOTO
  It's fine. " We always rode first class. So had Stuart, I guessed, in his prior incarnation. " Thank you, " I said. " Jesus. " He waved it away. " They don't want Americans having a lousy time over here, " he said. " You point out that it's happening, they'll fix it. " He handed me his card, the address in English and Chinese, the China Times logo neatly embossed. Still a pro, I thought. " You live in Xi'an, " I remarked. " We may go there, check out that clay army. " Look me up, " he said, clearly not meaning it. " Thanks again. " " Forget it, " he said, then mounted his bicycle and rode away. " A total stranger? " my wife said, back in our hotel room, where I'd surprised her with the train tickets. " He just did this, for no 
Dad? " Melissa asked. " She's admiring your haircut. " Melissa glanced at me, thinking I might be serious, then recognized the acid sarcasm that had become my preferred mode of speech with her of late. " Probably had you for a dad, " she muttered. " Probably wasn't so lucky. " My wife sighed. " She's blind, " she said. And instantly I saw that Caroline was right; the girl was drawn by our unrecognizable voices, but her eyes were empty. " Let's go to Xi'an, " I said. " It's supposed to be fascinating. " Melissa opened our guidebook, scanned the pages, and read aloud: " The Qin Terra-Cotta Warriors are one of the few reasons to visit Xi'an, an urban wasteland of uniform city blocks and Soviet style apartment buildings, but they are a compelling one. " That's not what I heard, " I said, suppressing an urge to knock the book out of her hands. " Terra-cotta worriers? " Kylie said. "
late. " Probably had you for a dad, " she muttered. " Probably wasn't so lucky. " My wife sighed. " She's blind, " she said. And instantly I saw that Caroline was right; the girl was drawn by our unrecognizable voices, but her eyes were empty. " Let's go to Xi'an, " I said. " It's supposed to be fascinating. " Melissa opened our guidebook, scanned the pages, and read aloud: " The Qin Terra-Cotta Warriors are one of the few reasons to visit Xi'an, an urban wasteland of uniform city blocks and Soviet style apartment buildings, but they are a compelling one. " That's not what I heard, " I said, suppressing an urge to knock the book out of her hands. " Terra-cotta worriers? " Kylie said. " Heard from who? " my wife asked. " The guy who got us the train tickets. " " They're thousands of clay soldiers as big as real men, " Caroline explained to Kylie. " A
' # Paige finally made it to the restaurant, where he soon discovered it was wise to skip the street fare. Food was not in short supply on this trip. More than a dozen dishes would get spun around the lazy susan at most lunches and dinners.' #  The only horrible thing I put in my mouth was a tofu ball, " he said. " It tasted like something you'd pick off a tree -- very woody. I spit it out. "' # Chinese cuisine redeemed itself with a dumpling dinner in Xi'an.' # " I love dumplings, and they must have served us 20 types, " he said. " Each dumpling was made to look like what was inside it. The duck dumplings were fashioned like little ducks, the pumpkin dumplings like little pumpkins. "' # Another dinner in Beijing ended strangely for two reasons: the waitresses gave everyone shoulder massages and dessert consisted of vanilla ice cream topped with dried kidney beans. Paige didn't mind either one.' # With more than two
.' # " I love dumplings, and they must have served us 20 types, " he said. " Each dumpling was made to look like what was inside it. The duck dumplings were fashioned like little ducks, the pumpkin dumplings like little pumpkins. "' # Another dinner in Beijing ended strangely for two reasons: the waitresses gave everyone shoulder massages and dessert consisted of vanilla ice cream topped with dried kidney beans. Paige didn't mind either one.' # With more than two weeks of heavy duty touring through Nanjing, Beijing, Xi'an, Guiyang and Shanghai, it's little surprise that Paige wrote 8,000 words in his journal.' # He saw a lot: Tiananmen Square, the Great Wall, a tiny Miao village built into the mountains. And the archaeological wonder that is the Terracotta Warriors, an assembly of more than 6,000 life-size models of soldiers -- each one different -- protecting a former emperor's tomb.' # He shopped a lot: Silk, pearl and jade factories, a big Beijing mall full of designer knockoffs
He saw a lot: Tiananmen Square, the Great Wall, a tiny Miao village built into the mountains. And the archaeological wonder that is the Terracotta Warriors, an assembly of more than 6,000 life-size models of soldiers -- each one different -- protecting a former emperor's tomb.' # He shopped a lot: Silk, pearl and jade factories, a big Beijing mall full of designer knockoffs, where he scored a fake Patek Philippe watch for $20. He shopped even when he didn't mean to.' # " On a rickshaw ride through Xi'an, guys would ride along next to you on their bikes with briefcases full of calligraphy sets, trying to get you to buy something, " he said.' # And in the end, he learned a lot, getting a crash course in the exotic culture of this huge economic engine that will host next year's Summer Olympics.' # There was no test in this college class, just a final project. Paige wrote about his experience and put together a photo essay.' # He
aristocracy, and royally, in large part because it was so rare. Prior to the nineteenth century, when modern production methods made synthetic pigments common, there were only hugely expensive purple dyes, a couple of uncommon purplish minerals, and mixtures of red and blue, but no true purple pigment -- except during a few hundred years in ancient China. The Chinese of the Qin and Han dynasties (221. B.C. -- A.D. 220) used a mysterious lavender shade-to decorate pottery and some of the famous terracotta warriors in the tomb of Emperor Qin Shihuangdi in Xi'an. This pigment, known as Han or Chinese purple, was a technological wonder, a complex synthetic compound made before the invention of paper or any codified understanding of elemental chemistry. How the ancient Chinese created this color, and the chemically related Han or Chinese blue, has puzzled scientists since the pigment was rediscovered in the 1990s. Did the Chinese stumble across the intricate formula, did the)' have a little help from the other side of the world? And why did the pigment disappear entirely
and silica seen in Chinese purple. # " Both Brill and I are pretty sure that somehow the creation of these pigments, perhaps accidentally, happened while they were making glass, but we have no way of proving that at this point, " says FitzHugh. " We can't really explain what the Chinese were doing. " # ZHI LIU IS NOT A CHEMIST, conservator, or expert in ancient glass or pigments -- he develops electron beam sources for the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center. But in 2003 he visited the Museum of the Terracotta Warriors in Xi'an. There, around 1,000 of the 8,000 terracotta warriors in the tomb have been excavated, and one of them restored by conservators is wearing pants that were painted purple. All of the statues once had color -- green, black, white, red, and, yes, purple -- but the paint quickly peels off when they are exposed to air, which is why thousands remain 
purple had nothing to do with Taoism, but was a result of political upheaval and the fact that Chinese alchemists and glass-makers left no written records. Regardless, Liu's research adds another dimension to the long-running discussion, and another layer of mystery to the massive buried army. # " It was a very interesting idea that he was relating it to something completely untechnological on the surface, " says Brill. " That's an intriguing notion. " # PHOTO (COLOR): The purple on this terracotta warrior from the tomb of Emperor Qin Shihuangdi in Xi'an is one of only three known synthetic blue or purple pigments the ancient world. # PHOTO (COLOR): Researchers subjected these flecks of Chinese purple to a series of high-tech tests for clues about how the ancient Chinese created such a complex compound. # PHOTO (COLOR): The 8,000 terracotta soldiers were all painted, but the pigment peels off when exposed to air. Some 7,000 warriors remain unexcavated until scientists devise a solution. # By Samir S. Patel # # Samir S. Patel is an associate
consumption levels will match or surpass those of the U.S., with dire impacts on the global environment. -Lester R. Brown, " Rescuing a Planet Under Stress, " July-Aug 2006, p. 19 * More recognizable brand names will come from China. American firms have outsourced so much of their production to the Chinese that they have actually groomed their future competitors. Following the branding success of firms like Lenovo, look out for more uniquely Chinese brands to show up across all sectors of the consumer economy, including Changhong Electric (an electronics supplier to Wal-Mart), Xi'an Aircraft (a Boeing subcontractor), and Hair (an appliance manufacturer). -World Trends &; Forecasts, Jan-Feb 2006, p. 12 * Energy choices will make or break Chinese and Indian economies. Heavy reliance on fossil fuels, particularly coal, could undermine the investments that China and India have made in growing their economies. A new push toward developing the rich potential of solar and wind energy systems 
that. # By JAY NORDLINGER # 31889 Truth and lies in the Asian behemoth # This summer I spent six weeks in China with my family, traveling all over the country, visiting with friends, relatives, and ex-students. (My wife is mainland-Chinese with a large extended family, and I taught college in China in the early 1980s.) We mainly stayed in the homes of these people-in Beijing, in the Manchurian city of Changchun, in Xi'an, Chongqing, Wuhan, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. # For me the trip was a useful reality check. I have been writing about China for twenty years: two novels and countless articles in the press. Most of this has been based on remote observation: Since leaving China in 1983, I have visited the country only at long intervals, and briefly, and have depended on media reports, academic journals, books, and conversations with friends and relatives recently out of China.
Mill remained a fashionable resort for government bureaucrats, as it had been for the first two Northern Song emperors. The setting described in Yang Jie's " Record of the West Water Mill " might almost describe the water mill in the Shanghai scroll, which appears to occupy an attractive suburban site. # " Rhapsody on a Water Mill Shuimo fu " is a long descriptive poem by Zhang Shunmin (ca. 1034-ca. 1110, jinshi 1065), investigating censor of Zhezong's court, composed in 1106-7 on a privately owned water mill he visited near Chang'an (modern Xi'an) as a potential buyer. (n121) On approaching the mill, Shunmin found an excited crowd of onlookers watching the spectacle: PREFORMATTED TABLE # After the excitement of the initial encounter, he takes an encyclopedic view of the entire structure of the mill inside and out, top to bottom, from the Wheel of Heaven (tianlun) to the Axis of Earth (dizhou). Shunmin's application of the ideological terminology to the mechanical engineering of the water mill recalls his contemporary Su Song's use of
packages in such resorts as Kitzbuhel, Grindelwald and Chamonix. Call 303-440-7921, 800-666-4857 or check www.skimoguls.com. # Africa Travel Centre, Boulder, offers a 12-night safari through southern Africa in 2001, featuring Zimbabwe, Zambia, Botswana and South Africa, game drives, whitewater rafting, bungee jumping and helicopter tours. Cost is under $ 5,000 per person. Call 303-473-0950, 800-361-8024 or e-mail infoafricatvl.com. # Asia Transpacific Journeys, Boulder, plans a 17-day trip to China, with departures March 31 and Oct. 13, 2001, featuring Beijing, the Great Wall, Xi'an, the wilds of Sichuan to see giant pandas, Guilin, Shanghai and Suzhou. Land cost is $ 5,495, including internal airfare. The trip is moderately paced with much walking. Call 303-443-6789 or 800-642-2742, e-mail travelsoutheastasia.com or check www.southeastasia.com. # TIPS # The Inn at Beaver Creek and The Pines Lodge, Beaver Creek, offer nightly midweek rates of $ 199, double, through April 15. The Seasons, Avon, offers a nightly midweek rate of $ 43 per person in a two-bedroom condo
stops, noting the arts, architecture, history and culture of the destination. Cost is $ 299 per person, double. Call 800-223-0675 or 970-484-4988. # Specialty Tours, Aurora, offers a six-day trip to New York City, departing April 26 and featuring three Broadway shows and guided tours of Manhattan, Carnegie Hall, the U.N., Ellis Island and NBC Studios. Call 303-337-7488, 800-342-4299 or check www. # specialtytours.com. # International Travel, Aurora, offers a 20-day tour along China's Silk Road, Oct. 4-23, featuring Beijing, Shanghai, Xi'an, Hangzhou, Suzhou, Urumqi, Turpan, Jaiyuguan, Dunhuang and Lanzhou. Cost of $ 2,870 includes transportation, visa, four-star hotels, meals, theater performances and cruises on the Yellow River and Grand Canal. Call 303-337-3521. # Southwind Adventures, Littleton, offers an 11-day back-road biking trip in the Peruvian highlands, featuring visits in remote villages and Machu Picchu, lodging in haciendas and four-star hotels, as well as three nights of camping. Departures are available from mid-May to late October. All-inclusive
's 1.3 billion people will propel Denver' ahead of the curve,' Webb said in an interview, promising local economic growth and' a relationship that will last long after I am mayor.' # The City Council approved $ 160,000 for the China project, and the eight-day trade mission is expected to cost another $ 36,000. Shanghai-based trade representative Roland Tong's salary will be $ 84,000 to serve city interests across China. # An office-opening ceremony is set for Thursday with Shanghai's mayor. # Then, after swings through China's ancient capital of Xi'an and Beijing, Webb hopes to meet with Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji. Webb and Colorado Gov. Bill Owens hosted Zhu in Denver two years ago. Zhu oversees China's economy and access by foreign companies. # Corporate executives accompanying Webb want to win construction contracts in China, line up direct flights to Denver, supply television programs and help China land the 2008 Olympics. # But they're pursuing their interests as a high-level drama between Washington and Beijing tilts U.S.-Chinese cooperation toward competition. President Bush soon must
deck whose sun-splintered surface discouraged sitting. Quinn finally gave up. He hunched his shoulders and stared with glazed eyes at the passing scenery. They had left the rice paddies and tea plantations behind them. Occasionally they passed a fishing village and a grazing water buffalo, but soon P123 only golden fields rolled off to mist-shrouded mountains in the distance. The beauty of China was lost on Quinn. He could think only of Ferguson, his project manager. The first message from Ferguson had been exciting. " Found many clay soldiers. This could be bigger than Xi'an. " Quinn knew right away that Ferguson was talking about the seven-thousand-strong army of terra-cotta soldiers discovered in an imperial mausoleum near the Chinese city of Xi'an. It was the sort of news Quinn liked to relay to the governing board of the East Asia Foundation, which he served as executive director. The foundation was set up by a group of wealthy patrons to promote east-west understanding and atone for the opium trade. It was also a tax write-off so those living comfortably off the fortunes their forebears made hooking
, five stones, also described as " falling stars, " reached the ground. And the comet in 613 B.C., which appeared in the Chinese constellation of the Dipper (Beidou), was termed a " bushy star " (xingbo) - an expression frequently used in later texts. Although the original records in the Chunqiu are no longer preserved, this work - one of the Confucian Classics - was frequently copied and recopied. Around A.D. 840 the entire set of Classics was engraved on a series of huge stone tablets that can still be seen at Xi'an today. No older complete version of the Chunqiu exists. Astronomical records from the Zhanguo or Warring States Period (481-221 B.C.) are relatively rare and in most cases only the year is given. Evidently the " Burning of the Books " in 213 B.C. was responsible for the loss of much material from this and earlier periods. The main surviving source of information is the Shiji (" Historical Record ") compiled by the Grand Historian Sima Qian around 100 B.C. Most celestial observations relate to eclipses or comets
. The Sun was eclipsed; it was total and it became dark in the daytime; it was 9 degrees in Yingshi lunar lodge which represents the interior of the Palace chambers. The Empress Dowager was upset by it and her heart was ill at ease. Turning to those around her she said, " This is on my account. " The next year it was fulfilled. The Empress Dowager died nearly 18 months afterward on August 18,180 B.C. Computation shows that this eclipse would be total at Ch'ang-an, the capital at that time (the modern city of Xi'an), only for values of AT between 3.28 and 3.53 hours. This sets tight limits on AT at this date. At the total eclipse of June 25, A.D. 1275, it was reported in the Songshi that " the sky and Earth were in darkness. People could not be distinguished within a foot. The chickens and ducks returned to roost. It lasted from the hour si 9-11 hours to the hour wu 11-13 hours: then it regained its brightness. " This observation would be made at
to attack its atomic But makes us unbelievable is its atomic spectra unexpectedly do not conform to which we know includes spectrum which the Iraqi Carlos project uses this spectra are the detector are departing the solar system Before disintegration last transmits too good But, if hangs stone the emission is cut off potency have then lost dreams Qi, does not want Jake we studied already succeeded half any, you said this is meteorolite is not comes from the solar system pairs, now most importantly Actually found other meteorolites in where coffins bottoms that picture in my here I go to Xi'an now, you look for my do not forget belt that picture good good, such I go to together with you I judge initially, it uses is Warring States to qin dynasty time forging smelting technology moreover above it scale shape matter only then can see in the qin dynasty archaeological finds you looked that, its model and it decorates looked like should be qin dynasty series soldier senior general's saber this may really be national treasure comes, to be careful your this do any, this sword is our
'll mold your boy into a productive member of society... through an intensive program of push-ups and formation marching. Well, it certainly was nice of you to accept Bart in the middle of a semester. Fortunately, we've had a couple of recent freak-outs... so that freed up a couple of bunks. - Freak-outs? - lf, uh, that happens... are we still charged for the entire semester? Our high standards challenge students to reach their full potential. Look at how disciplined they are. They're just like the terra-cotta warriors of Xi'an. They sure are. [Groaning] That's not so disciplined. - They're just children, Mr. Simpson. - [Scoffs] I guess. " Truth is beauty, beauty, truth, " sir. [Gasps] They're discussing poetry. Oh, we never do that at my school. But the truth can be harsh and disturbing. How can that be considered beautiful? Oh, he sure sucked the fun out 
of that poem. Please don't make me stay, Dad. I'll do
left the rice paddies and tea plantations behind them. Occasionally they passed a fishing village and a grazing water buffalo, but soon P123 only golden fields rolled off to mist-shrouded mountains in the distance. The beauty of China was lost on Quinn. He could think only of Ferguson, his project manager. The first message from Ferguson had been exciting. " Found many clay soldiers. This could be bigger than Xi'an. " Quinn knew right away that Ferguson was talking about the seven-thousand-strong army of terra-cotta soldiers discovered in an imperial mausoleum near the Chinese city of Xi'an. It was the sort of news Quinn liked to relay to the governing board of the East Asia Foundation, which he served as executive director. The foundation was set up by a group of wealthy patrons to promote east-west understanding and atone for the opium trade. It was also a tax write-off so those living comfortably off the fortunes their forebears made hooking hundreds of thousands of Chinese on drugs could enjoy their wealth to the fullest. As part of its program the foundation sponsored archaeological digs in China.
fuel to the fire for Americans concerned with human rights issues. Prisoners of conscience, religious persecution, and forced abortions -- all areas of concern that have prompted yearly debate over the most favored nation trading status. What that means: later on WORLDVIEW. But human rights issues will likely be rally calls if President Clinton eases trade sanctions with Beijing. China's concerns over a slowing economy will be on the docket in Shanghai, the country's financial center. That stop will follow Beijing and will accompany stops to Hong Kong; China's ancient capital, Xi'an; and a destination many Chinese call the most beautiful place on Earth: Guilin. But the sights will play second fiddle to the concerns, which include worries over nuclear proliferation in light of the nuclear standoff between India and Pakistan right at China's front door, and North Korea's nuclear aspirations on its side door. Passions flare over sovereignty disputes, as well. Tibet and Taiwan both want to be independent from China and disagree with China's ownership claims. They're all issues for which Americans
for shopping. Call 1-310-442-0015. # The Bar H Ranch, Driggs, Idaho, offers a five-day horseback trip in Wyoming's Grand Tetons, Aug. 6-10, for women over the age of 50. Call 1-888-216-6025. # Wilderness Inquiry, Minneapolis, Minn., offers excursions in Yellowstone National Park featuring trips in 24-foot cedar canoes in Yellowstone Lake, July 18-26, Aug. 15-23, Aug. 30-Sept. 7. Call 1-800-728-0719 or check **25;619;TOOLONG. # Global Volunteers, St. Paul, Minn., is seeking business professionals to instruct business practices to Chinese business people and students in Xi'an Sept. 27-Oct. 16, Oct. 18-Nov. 6 or Nov. 8-27. More dates are planned in 1999. Call 1-800-487-1074 or check www.globalvolunteers.org. # The Alphorn Academy of Switzerland offers alphorn workshops for beginners and masters. The beginner course is Aug. 29-Sept. 5 at Montreux on Lake Geneva. For more information, contact the Alphorn Academy of Switzerland, P.O. Box 9, 1820 Montreux/Switzerland, or call 011-41-21-960-3903, fax 011-41-21-960-3843, e-mail francisschvtx.ch or check **28;646;TOOLONG. # The Palm Springs Desert Resort Convention and Visitors Bureau can arrange a
usually work in China, children are sent at a young age to nursery schools, where music is as important as it is in the primary schools. As a result, many children already have a few years of group singing and rhythm movement experience when they enter primary school. Many nursery schools are set up in housing units located near large businesses, industries, or universities. Most workers in a specific business or university live in these government-operated housing units and bring their children to the nursery schools affiliated with them. At the nursery school attached to the Xi'an Conservatory of Music, for example, even two-year-olds perform for their parents on important days such as Children's Day on May 1. (n3) A great deal of talent can emerge early in these nursery school presentations. Instrumental Music # Band programs are a recent innovation in the public primary schools of China. (While public school primary orchestra programs do not exist yet, they are found in certain private schools, such as the International School of Beijing. (n4) The school band movement began about five
into China from India by the first century A.D. Calligraphic texts added a spiritual dimension to the objects and often named a specific deity, or the purpose or donor of the object. The Tang dynasty pottery plaque shown in Plates VIIIa and VIIIb has a Buddhist inscription that identifies its special nature. (Plates VIIIa and VIIIb omitted) Scholars are unsure if plaques like these were used to line temple walls or made as private devotional objects, but they have been found in some quantity in the region of the Tang capital, Chang'an, which corresponds to the modem Xi'an in Shaanxi province. The text on the plaque reveals that it is made from clay mixed with the ashes of a cremated monk and is said to possess the power to repel evil and athact good fortune. The lithe, well-balanced calligraphy, which is written in standard script, reflects the high quality of contemporary court-sponsored brush writing. In contrast, the images of Buddha and attendants on the reverse side are quite simple, revealing that the tablet was mass produced from a mold. To achieve the refined calligraphy
